Amicia: The village must be further on.
Someone there should be able to help us find Laurentius.
(pantings)
Hugo...
Hugo?
Hugo: Mummy won't be happy...
...when she finds out I felt in the water.
Amicia: (holds back tears) Well...
Let's not mention it when we see her, alright?
Come on.
First we have to get dry.
Hugo: Amicia, why did they want to capture us?
Amicia: I don't know... I don't want to think about it right now.
Hugo: We'll ask Laurentius to take us to see Mummy and Daddy.
Amicia: Yes...
...of course...
Where is everyone?
Hugo: Oh! Apples!
Amicia: Hugo, not now!
Hugo: But...
Amicia: Don't touch them! They're all rotten!
Hugo: But I'm hungry.
Amicia: How can you think of food right now?
Smoke...
Excuse me, please wait... Madame...
What's the matter with them?
Hugo: They looked scared.
Amicia: Excuse me, I'm the daughter of Lord Robert De Rune.
We were attacked. We need help!
Hugo: Please, it's very cold!
Amicia: Anybody there? I'm with my little brother.
The de Rune estate was attacked.
- Hugo: Hello, Please, can you open the door? We're wet and hungry!
- Amicia: I'm begging you, please help us!
What on earth is going on?
I don't believe it!
Hugo: They're hiding.
Woman: We've waited too long... I told you, we need to leave.
Man: And go where? We'll lose everything!
- Hugo: Someone's there.
- Woman: We'll come back later! When things are better.
Man: We'll all be dead before things get better 'ere!
That's enough, I don't want to talk about it anymore!
Hugo: Oh look, someone's drawn something on the door.
Amicia: Come back here! That means that there are sick people in these houses!
Don't touch anything!
Hugo: Oh... They're not allowed to go outside?
Amicia: It's more serious than that!
It means that we could catch their illness, so stop running around!
Hugo: Alright, sorry...
Amicia: The village is contaminated.
That's why everyone's hiding.
Hugo: I can smell something cooking! Is it a fair?
Amicia: It doesn't sound like a fair...
Good Lord...
Woman: YOU! I'M BEGGING YOU, GO GET HELP!
Conrad: Well I'll be damned... 'ere's the rest of them.
Amicia: What? No, wait... we're just looking for someone.
Conrad: And you've found 'im! It's yer damn music what brought them out... Eh?
Those dirty vermin that invaded our church!
That filth what attacked our children in their beds and gave 'em the black thing!
But now you've found Conrad Malfort.
And I'm telling you, this is the last village you'll infect.
Hugo: Amicia!
Amicia: Come on!
- Run, Hugo!
- Hugo: What's happening, Amicia?
Amicia: Just run!
Hugo: But why are they angry? Are they going to burn us too?
We have to hide, Amicia!
Amicia: Here! Get inside, quickly!
Man: There you are!
Amicia: Ah! Not that way!
Hugo: Where are we going?
Amicia: Come on! Just run as fast as you can!
There! The wall!
Quick! Quick!
We should never have come here.
Hugo: Why are they doing that?
Amicia: They think we have brought evil with us.
We have to find a way out of here.
Well, we got out!
Hugo: So we can leave now, right?
Amicia: If they don't find us again...
Hugo: But you have your sling! You can protect us!
Amicia: It's not that easy, Hugo.
Hugo: Oh...
- Woman: Outsiders! Here!
- Amicia: Oh no! quickly... quickly!
The ladder! Go on, climb! You first!
Hugo: It;s doesn't look safe, Amicia!
Amicia: We're running out of time! They're coming!
Hugo: It's going to break!
- Amicia: No, no!
- Hugo: I told you!
Amicia: Hugo, where are you going? Don't leave me!
Hugo: Amicia, come here, this side.
Amicia: There you are.
Hugo: I found this, so you can climb up.
Amicia: Well done. I'll get it to fall. Watch out!
Come on... come on...
Hugo: There you go.
Amicia: Well done.
I was scared.
Hugo: I'm sorry about the ladder.
Amicia: It's my fault, you were right.
Hugo: We need to go home.
Amicia: We can't. Not without Laurentius.
Hugo: Amicia, hide!
Conrad: Well? Where the hell are they?
Man: Conrad! Uh... We... We've surrounded the area!
They were here a few minutes ago!
Conrad: The two of you surrounded the whole area? Get out of here!
Call the others and get those alleys blocked.
If I catch those brats, I'll send them back to hell, piece by piece!
They won't get out of here alive!
Man 1: Conrad lost his mind when his kid died.
We have to burn innocent people, chase kids.
Meanwhile, the plague spreads through the village...
Man 2: You think it's normal to have a girl and a kid running around here with things the way they are?
I bet thet came out of the church with the rest of that scum.
Amicia: Oh no, not again!
Villager: They're here!
Hugo: Which way?
Amicia: I don't know!
There's no way out.
Villager: Over there! Quick! They're in the infected area!
Hugo: Oh no!
Quickly, please!
Amicia: I'm trying, I'm trying!
It won't hold them for long...
Quickly quickly...
Hugo: They know we're here.
Villager: Don't let them get away!
Amicia: No! It's stuck!
Villager: Come out of there! There's no escape!
Amicia: Hugo, go through there! Open it for me!
Villager: You lot, Conrad's coming!
Hugo: Alright.
Conrad: What the hell are you all doing here? Where are they?
Hugo: They've blocked it with a plank!
Villager: There, in Gaubert's house, but...
Amicia: Can you unlock it?
Hugo: I'm trying...
Conrad: Get out of the way! Leave this to me!
Amicia: Hurry!
Quick, Hugo, please!
Hugo: I can't!
Conrad: I know you're in there, you brats!
Amicia: Hugo, he's here!
Conrad: I'm coming! (breaking doors)
Amicia: (desparately) HUGO, DO SOMETHING!!
(doors collapse)
Hugo: Come on, Amicia!
Amicia: Run!
Conrad: I told you we'd meet again!
Grab them!
Hugo: I... have to stop... Amicia...
Conrad: You won't get out of here alive!
Amicia: Oh please, we've got to carry on! Just a littel further!
(intense music playing)
A dead end! We're finished!
Woman: This way!...
Don't be afraid...
Come in!
Shh...
Villager 1: Christ, this is the most infected part of the village.
Where are they?
Villager 2: Listen... We'll tell Conrad we lost them. I'm not staying here.
Woman: Rest now, you're safe. They'll never come looking for you here.
You're soaking. There are clothes you can change into upstairs.
in the chest in the bedroom.
Amicia: Are...
...Are you sure?
Thank you!
That's better.
What about you?
Hugo: We have to go and find Mummy, Amicia.
Amicia: Not yet.
She told us to find Laurentius.
Hugo: But that's silly! We're going to get caught.
Amicia: Hugo! We're going to do what she told us, and that's it!
Hugo, wait!
(sighs)
Woman: They fit you.
Good.
They belonged to my grandchildren.
Clervie: Oh, my name is Clervie.
Amicia: I'm Amicia, and this is Hugo.
Say thank you, Hugo.
Hugo: Thank you.
Amicia: Clervie, what is happening here?
Clervie: The...
...The plague...
...So many people dead...
...and those still alive have...
But where are your parents?
Hugo: At home. They're waiting for us.
Amicia: We're looking for a doctor, Laurentius.
Clervie: A doctor... Perhaps... A man did come and help at the hospice early on...
The monks might be able to tell you more, but...
Amicia: What?
Clervie: They haven't been seen recently.
No one goes near the church anymore.
Amicia: It's all we have. We must go and see.
Clervie: You'll die there. But no one listens to old Clervie anymore, so...
Anyway, I see you have a sling.
You're going to need it.
But it'll be no use to you in that state.
Go to the backyard, you'll find some new strips of leather there.
And feel free to use the workshop in the next room for your repairs.
Amicia: That's very kind of you.
Clervie: Feel free to use the tools by the workshop.
Amicia: Right, got the tools, I just need the leather.
Leather... Right, let's get to work.
Come on, keep calm and concentrate.
Right, I must go and thank Clervie.
Clervie: Ah... so?
Amicia: It's a lot better.
Thank you, Clervie.
Thanks for everything.
Man 1: So that's where you lost them?
Man 2: Yeah, they won't survive long around here if you ask me.
(mallet hitting on wood sound)
Amicia: What on earth are you doing?
Put that mallet down! Are you stupid or what?
Hugo: I AM NOT STUPID!
Amicia: Don't shout!
Clervie: Children, that's enough noise!
Hugo: I want to see Mummy!
Amicia: Shut up! You're going to get us killed!
Hugo: Mummy would protect us!
Amicia: That's enough!
Hugo: I... WANT... TO... SEE... MUMMY!
Amicia: MUMMY IS DEAD, HUGO!
You'll never see her again!
Or Daddy!
Clervie: Amicia!
Hugo: You're...
You're lying...
Amicia: They were killed at the house.
Both of them, so shut up!
Hugo: You're lying! LYING! I HATE YOU!
Clervie: Please, stop!
Amicia: Hugo, NO!
Hugo, wait! Don't go out, you're mad!
Hugo, come back!
What's he doing?
Man: Where are they? Where the hell are they?
Amicia: Oh no! He's going to get us killed!
Hugo, please! I'm sorry! Wait!
Man: Demons!
Amicia: My God...
Oh Lord...
HUGO!
I shouldn't have shouted! Please, listen to me!
Hugo: No! Leave me alone!
Amicia: I'M SORRY!
Hugo: Ahh!! No, let me go!
Amicia: Oh no! No, No!
Man: Where did you think you're off to, eh?
Amicia: No, let him go!
I... I didn't want to...
Hugo: Amicia! Amicia!
Amicia: HUGO!
I'M...
I'M COMING...
Please say he's alive... Please say he's alive... HUGO!
Hugo: Let go of me... Let go of me!
Conrad: Stop squirming! We're just waiting for your sister.
Conrad: You're not gonna put me in the ground, girl!
I'm gonna start with you.
Ah... I'm just... a bit rusty...
There's no escape. Sooner or later...
You're a splippery one. But one hit's all it takes. Just one.
Come on Conrad. Show 'em what you do best.
I know what you're like. Fine.
I can use that to my advantage.
I'm not scared of dying you know.
You took away from me the only thing I had.
Amicia: No. Don't make me do this. Please.
Hugo: Amicia... Amicia...
Conrad: Yeah, keep it up... Only death will stop me!
Enough! Let's get this over with.
Hugo: Amicia...
You... you killed him.
(emotional music playing)
II - STRANGERS
There must be a lot of people.